Add local development node page (#671)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/dev-environments/hardhat.md

Reviewer: Would be nice if some of these items were converted to steps. Also would be nice to see terminal output for some of the commands. I understand we're on a time crunch though, so if you don't think there's time now, can you please create a ticket to circle back to it later?

        --8<-- 'code/develop/smart-contracts/dev-environments/hardhat/hardhat.config.js:59:60'
        ```

>     Ensure to replace `INSERT_PATH_TO_SUBSTRATE_NODE` and `INSERT_PATH_TO_ETH_RPC_ADAPTER` with the proper paths to the compiled binaries. To obtain these binaries, check the [Installation](/develop/smart-contracts/local-development-node#installation) section in the Local Development Node page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Ensure to replace `INSERT_PATH_TO_SUBSTRATE_NODE` and `INSERT_PATH_TO_ETH_RPC_ADAPTER` with the proper paths to the compiled binaries. To obtain these binaries, check the [Installation](/develop/smart-contracts/local-development-node#installation){target=\_blank} section on the Local Development Node page.
```
